Add _reshard HTTP API reference documentation (#404)
apache/couchdb-documentation: src/api/server/common.rst

    **Request**:

    .. code-block:: http

        GET /_reshard/state HTTP/1.1
        Accept: application/json
        Host: localhost:5984

    **Response**:

    .. code-block:: http

        HTTP/1.1 200 OK
        Content-Type: application/json

        {
            "reason": null,
            "state": "running"
        }

.. http:put:: /_reshard/state
    :synopsis: Change resharding state on the cluster

    Change the resharding state on the cluster. The states are
    ``stopped`` or ``running``. This starts and stops global resharding on all
    the nodes of the cluster. If there are any running jobs, they
    will be stopped when the state changes to ``stopped``. When the state
    changes back to ``running`` those job will continue running.

    :<header Accept: - :mimetype:`application/json`
    :>header Content-Type: - :mimetype:`application/json`

    :<json string state: ``stopped`` or ``running``
    :<json string state_reason: Optional string describing additional
                                information or reason associated with the state

    :>json boolean ok: ``true``

    :code 200: Request completed successfully

>     :code 401: CouchDB Server Administrator privileges required

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning 400 here?

Author: It won't apply here because it's getting the state and resharding will have either a stopped or running state.

Author: Ah yes, for PUT it would make sense. Good call!

    **Request**:

    .. code-block:: http

        PUT /_reshard/state HTTP/1.1
        Accept: application/json
        Host: localhost:5984

        {
            "state": "stopped",
            "reason": "Rebalancing in progress"
        }

    **Response**:

    .. code-block:: http

        HTTP/1.1 200 OK
        Content-Type: application/json

        {
            "ok": true
        }

.. http:get:: /_reshard/jobs
    :synopsis: Retrieve information about all the resharding jobs on the cluster

>     Get information about the resharding job identified by ``jobid``.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph is misplaced, as `{jobid}` isn't mentioned here, but in the next section.

                    "type": "running"
                },
                ...
            ]
        }

.. http:post:: /_reshard/jobs/{jobid}
    :synopsis: Create one or more resharding jobs

    Depending on what fields are specified in the request, one or more
    resharding jobs will be created. The response is a json array of results.
    Each result object represents a single resharding job for a particular node
    and range. Some of the responses could be successful and some could fail.
    Successful results will have the ``"ok": true`` key and and value, and
    failed jobs will have the ``"error": "{error_message}"`` key and value.

    :<header Accept: - :mimetype:`application/json`
    :>header Content-Type: - :mimetype:`application/json`

    :<json string type: Type of job. Currently only ``"split"`` is accepted.

    :<json string db: Database to split. This is mutually exclusive with the
                      ``"shard``" field.

    :<json string node: Split shards on a particular node. This is an optional
                        parameter. The value should be one of the nodes
                        returned from the ``_membership`` endpoint.

>     :<json string range: Ssplit shards copies in the given range. The range

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :<json string range: Split shard copies in the given range. The range
```

        Accept: application/json
        Host: localhost:5984

    **Response**:

    .. code-block:: http

        HTTP/1.1 200 OK
        Content-Type: application/json

        {
            "reason": null,
            "state": "running"
        }

.. http:put:: /_reshard/jobs/{jobid}/state
    :synopsis: Change the state of a resharding job

    Change the state of a particular resharding job identified by ``jobid``.
    The state can be changed from ``stopped`` to ``running`` or from
    ``running`` to ``stopped``. If an individual job is ``stopped`` via this
    API it will stay ``stopped`` even after the global resharding state is
    toggled from ``stopped`` to ``running``. If the job is already
    ``completed`` its state will stay ``completed``.

    :<header Accept: - :mimetype:`application/json`
    :>header Content-Type: - :mimetype:`application/json`

    :<json string state: ``stopped`` or ``running``
    :<json string state_reason: Optional string describing additional
                                information or reason associated with the state

    :>json boolean ok: ``true``

    :code 200: Request completed successfully
    :code 404: The job was not found

>     :code 401: CouchDB Server Administrator privileges required

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning 400 here?

Author: Agree, good idea.

Author: Also noticed I needed to add one for POST to `_reshard/jobs`
